Enter pokemon 1: Enter pokemon 2: 
 blastoise  is weak against. . .
Efficacy: 0
tail-whip normal None
growl normal None
counter fighting None
seismic-toss fighting None
thunder-wave electric None
toxic poison None
agility psychic None
mimic normal None
double-team normal None
defense-curl normal None
light-screen psychic None
reflect psychic None
bide normal None
flash normal None
rest psychic None
substitute normal None
curse ghost None
reversal fighting None
protect normal None
sweet-kiss fairy None
detect fighting None
endure normal None
charm fairy None
swagger normal None
attract normal None
sleep-talk normal None
return normal None
frustration normal None
encore normal None
rain-dance water None
charge electric None
helping-hand normal None
fake-tears dark None
calm-mind psychic None
natural-gift normal None
fling dark None
magnet-rise electric None
nasty-plot dark None
captivate normal None
grass-knot grass None
electro-ball electric None
play-nice normal None
confide normal None
eerie-impulse electric None
electric-terrain electric None
laser-focus normal None
Efficacy: 0.5
surf water 90
iron-tail steel 100
Efficacy: 1
mega-punch normal 80
pay-day normal 40
slam normal 80
double-kick fighting 30
mega-kick normal 120
headbutt normal 70
body-slam normal 85
take-down normal 90
double-edge normal 120
submission fighting 80
strength normal 80
dig ground 80
quick-attack normal 40
rage normal 20
swift normal 60
skull-bash normal 130
thief dark 60
snore normal 50
mud-slap ground 20
rollout rock 30
dynamic-punch fighting 100
hidden-power normal 60
rock-smash fighting 40
uproar normal 90
facade normal 70
focus-punch fighting 150
brick-break fighting 75
knock-off dark 65
secret-power normal 70
signal-beam bug 75
covet normal 60
feint normal 30
round normal 60
echoed-voice normal 40
disarming-voice fairy 40
draining-kiss fairy 50
play-rough fairy 90
tera-blast normal 80
Efficacy: 2
thunder-punch electric 75
thunder-shock electric 40
thunderbolt electric 90
thunder electric 110
zap-cannon electric 120
spark electric 65
volt-tackle electric 120
shock-wave electric 60
discharge electric 80
charge-beam electric 50
volt-switch electric 70
electroweb electric 55
wild-charge electric 90
nuzzle electric 20
rising-voltage electric 70
trailblaze grass 50

 pikachu  is weak against. . .
Efficacy: 0
tail-whip normal None
roar normal None
counter fighting None
seismic-toss fighting None
fissure ground None
toxic poison None
mimic normal None
double-team normal None
withdraw water None
defense-curl normal None
reflect psychic None
bide normal None
rest psychic None
substitute normal None
curse ghost None
protect normal None
endure normal None
swagger normal None
attract normal None
sleep-talk normal None
return normal None
frustration normal None
rain-dance water None
hail ice None
helping-hand normal None
iron-defense steel None
gyro-ball steel None
natural-gift normal None
fling dark None
captivate normal None
shell-smash normal None
work-up normal None
confide normal None
Efficacy: 0.5
iron-tail steel 100
flash-cannon steel 80
Efficacy: 1
mega-punch normal 80
ice-punch ice 75
mega-kick normal 120
headbutt normal 70
tackle normal 40
body-slam normal 85
take-down normal 90
double-edge normal 120
bite dark 60
water-gun water 40
hydro-pump water 110
surf water 90
ice-beam ice 90
blizzard ice 110
bubble-beam water 65
hyper-beam normal 150
submission fighting 80
strength normal 80
rage normal 20
waterfall water 80
skull-bash normal 130
bubble water 40
rock-slide rock 75
snore normal 50
icy-wind ice 55
outrage dragon 120
rollout rock 30
false-swipe normal 40
dynamic-punch fighting 100
rapid-spin normal 50
hidden-power normal 60
crunch dark 80
rock-smash fighting 40
whirlpool water 35
fake-out normal 40
facade normal 70
focus-punch fighting 150
brick-break fighting 75
secret-power normal 70
dive water 80
hydro-cannon water 150
weather-ball normal 50
rock-tomb rock 60
signal-beam bug 75
muddy-water water 90
water-pulse water 60
brine water 65
aura-sphere fighting 80
dark-pulse dark 80
aqua-tail water 90
dragon-pulse dragon 85
focus-blast fighting 120
giga-impact normal 150
avalanche ice 60
zen-headbutt psychic 80
rock-climb normal 90
aqua-jet water 40
smack-down rock 50
round normal 60
scald water 80
water-pledge water 80
dragon-tail dragon 60
power-up-punch fighting 40
liquidation water 85
body-press fighting 80
terrain-pulse normal 50
flip-turn water 60
Efficacy: 2
earthquake ground 100
dig ground 80
mud-slap ground 20
bulldoze ground 60
